:slug: disentangling-scientific-fields-with-topic-analysis-in-python
:speaker: marina-papadopoulou
:year: 2019
:title: Disentangling scientific fields with topic analysis in Python

‘Science of science’ is an emerging transdisciplinary field of
research, which uses new computational tools and big data, to provide
insight in the characteristics and dynamics underlying scientific
research itself. Under its umbrella fall studies of cultural
evolution, when a large amount of text data gathered through years of
cultural changes in human societies are being analyzed with an
artificial intelligence’s toolset. By ‘reading’ through a vast amount
of data impossible to be analyzed by a human mind, these
methodological frameworks create ground for gaining quantitative
insights on questions that were only theoretically and philosophically
discussed in the past. In this talk, I‘ll showcase an analysis on the
scientific bibliography of the research fields of ecology and
evolutionary biology. I'll go through the methodology of topic
analysis in Python, using packages for natural language processing,
latent dirichlet allocation models, dimensionality reduction and
clustering techniques. By taking advantage of the computational
advances of text mining, this is just an example from the vast pool of
possibilities that machine learning can offer in the effort of better
understanding the world around us.
